Update onNavigate doc about full-page navigation behaviour (#10694)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/60-appendix/01-faq.md

## How do I use the view transitions API with SvelteKit?

> While SvelteKit does not have any specific integration with [view transitions](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/view-transitions/), you can call `document.startViewTransition` in [`onNavigate`](/docs/modules#$app-navigation-onnavigate) to trigger a view transition on every navigation where [`data-sveltekit-reload`](link-options#data-sveltekit-reload) wasn't used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While SvelteKit does not have any specific integration with [view transitions](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/view-transitions/), you can call `document.startViewTransition` in [`onNavigate`](/docs/modules#$app-navigation-onnavigate) to trigger a view transition on every client-side navigation.
```

> While SvelteKit does not have any specific integration with [view transitions](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/view-transitions/), you can call `document.startViewTransition` in [`onNavigate`](/docs/modules#$app-navigation-onnavigate) to trigger a view transition on every navigation, except when using [`data-sveltekit-reload`](link-options#data-sveltekit-reload).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While SvelteKit does not have any specific integration with [view transitions](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/view-transitions/), you can call `document.startViewTransition` in [`onNavigate`](/docs/modules#$app-navigation-onnavigate) to trigger a view transition on every navigation where [`data-sveltekit-reload`](link-options#data-sveltekit-reload) wasn't used.
```
